Fix brevo config migrations (#279)
vivid-planet/comet-brevo-module: .changeset/selfish-years-think.md

---
"@comet/brevo-api": patch
---

Remove `scope` from `BrevoConfig` database migration in module

> Add database migration for adding individual `scope` columns to `BrevoConfig` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A custom database migration must be created in the project to add individual scope columns to BrevoConfig.
```

Maybe like that? So it's clear that this is something that needs to be done in the project.
